hello everyone this is the amazing taco
brothers here and today I'm going to
show you how to make a Minecraft 1.8
bucket server that supports all of the
new blocks and mechanics so the first
thing that you'd want to do is download
three things the Java JDK get and build
tools jar to download the JDK click the
link in the description for and agree to
the terms find your version of Windows
that's either 32-bit or 64-bit and
download that version then when the
download is done open the file and
install it to download kit click the
other link in the description that says
get - SCM com
when you get to that site click
downloads for Windows you should be
brought to a page that downloads get
once you have it downloaded open it up
and install it
lastly click the link in the description
for build tools jar it should download
the newest version after you've
installed both the JDK and get create a
new folder anywhere on your machine and
placed a build tools dot jar file inside
of it now you're going to need a dot SH
file to run the build tools jar to
create one open up notepad or notepad
plus plus and paste the code from the
description labelled code 1 then save it
as a dot SH file and make sure it's not
saving as a txt file or any other type
of file also make sure you put it in the
server directory the next thing you need
to do is double click on the dot Sh file
to run the build tools file it'll take
anywhere from 10 to 20 minutes or even
more to complete the process what it's
doing is downloading all of bucket and
spigot and compiling them so that you
can use it on your server
what's the process of downloading and
compiling bucket has completed go ahead
and find the craft bucket jar file in
the location that I've put in the
description and then copy it to your
server directory what you're going to
need to do now is create a dot bat file
and this time use code two from the
description make sure you save it in the
same directory as your server files this
is the last step before we get into
actually running the server so now all
you have to do is create a new text
document named it EUL a txt and inside
the document type EUL a equals true now
just open up the new dot bat file you
made and you should have a working
server to connect to it under the
multiplayer menu in minecraft choose
direct connect type localhost and then
join it for others to join look up a
hamachi tutorial for Minecraft servers
or a port forwarding tutorial for
Minecraft servers
lastly I'd like to address one common
error this error is known as cannot find
port and it appears when you are already
running the minecraft server or
something else on your computer is
already using that port what you would
need to do for this is try restarting
your computer because what you may have
done is open to the craftbukkit jar file
instead of the dot bat file which can
mess things up so anyways guys thanks
for watching I hope this helped and if
you have any questions or problems
please leave them in the description and
I'll try to help or maybe someone else
in the comments can help you too